# Things I Wish I Knew 🫶

**Name:** Alivia  
**Date:** October 18, 2025  

## Before College 
- **Don't expect to have everything figured out by the time you graduate college.** I thought I knew exactly what kind of job I wanted when I started college. I put a lot of pressure on myself to chase after that job, and take all the classes I needed for that. But after getting more experience through classes and research, I realized that my interests have changed over time. And that's ok! I've attended a lot of career panel events in college, and one recurring theme I've noticed is that "your life path is not linear". Know that it's totally normal and more common than you think for people to change careers. At every career panel I've been to, there's at least one person that says they'd never expect to be where they are now 10 years ago.
- **You don't need to be a perfect student. Make time to hang out with friends and engage in your hobbies!** Obviously studying and passing your classes is important, but that shouldn't be your entire life. Definitely learned this the hard way. I spent so much time in the library that I neglected making new friends. At the end of my freshman year, I had straight As but I was miserable because I wasn't setting time aside to take care of myself. It was a wake up call for me and I changed my approach to being a student after that. Remember, you're a student but you're a human first. Personally, I'd be happier graduating college with fun memories than with a 4.0 but nothing fun to look back on. And if you have a hard time making friends, or don't have any hobbies, then I'd recommend joining a club at your school! Clubs are a great way to meet new people that have the same interests as you.
- **Seek out opportunities where you can step outside of your comfort zone!** Relating to the previous part about joining clubs, I was able to grow a lot as a person once I started putting myself out there more by going to club meetings, school events, and working as a resident assistant. When you're in college (at least as an undergraduate in general), you're surrounded by people your age in the same stage of life as you. So don't be scared of trying and failing, because everyone else will be doing the same thing. You got this!

## Reflection  
**Eventually, you'll end up where you're meant to be.** I started thinking about college in the beginning of high school and I had set pretty high expectations for myself. But 4 years later, I ended up somewhere totally different. I'm happier where I am now than where I would've been if everything went to plan according to my 14 year old self. Oh but my younger self would be so thrilled to hear about all the concerts I've been to lol (Day6 are my ults btw). Anyways, I'm getting off track... hopefully someone finds this advice helpful! It was very fun and therapeutic to write! Shoutout to the boba talks community for making this all possible!

